README.md, before:

# **_Lain Radio Bot_**

I'm a big fan of LainChan and love listening to their radio station. So I made a bot that pulls in the audio streams for all radio categories.

## **Add bot to server**

If you're interested in adding this bot to your discord server, click the image below.

<a href="https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=732336528029646868&scope=bot" target="_blank" rel="noopener"><img src="assets/lain-chan-bot-discord-button.png" width="100"></a>

## **How to run?**

You'll need a few things to get this up an running. So here are the steps:

- Get a discord or find a discord that doesn't mind you adding a bot.
- Create a bot on Discord's developer site: [here](https://discord.com/developers/applications)
- Get your bot's token
- On the system you're developing on, create an environment variable named LainRadioToken and set it to your bot's token.
- Install [nodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- Pull down project
- In root of project, run the following commands

```
npm install
npm start
```

Commit message:

Updating readme with info on how to run application

README.md, after:

# **_Lain Radio Bot_**

I'm a big fan of LainChan and love listening to their radio station. So I made a bot that pulls in the audio streams for all radio categories.

## **Add bot to server**

If you're interested in adding this bot to your discord server, click the image below.

<a href="https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=732336528029646868&scope=bot" target="_blank" rel="noopener"><img src="assets/lain-chan-bot-discord-button.png" width="100"></a>

## **How to run?**

You'll need a few things to get this up an running. So here are the steps:

- Get a discord or find a discord that doesn't mind you adding a bot.
- Create a bot on Discord's developer site: [here](https://discord.com/developers/applications)
- Get your bot's token
- On the system you're developing on, create an environment variable named `LainRadioToken` and set it to your bot's token.
- Install [nodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- Pull down project
- In root of project, you can run the following

### Build the docker-compose environment

```
docker-compose build
```

### Start application

```
docker-compose up
```

### Build and start application

```
docker-compose up --build
```
